ceph: update deprecated CRD apiextensions.k8s.io/v1beta1 to v1 (#6424)
rook/rook: Documentation/ceph-common-issues.md

You can do this with your favorite configuration management system.

Alternatively, you can have a [DaemonSet](https://github.com/rook/rook/issues/6279#issuecomment-694390514) to apply the configuration for you on all your nodes.

## Failed to create CRDs

> If you are using kubernetes version is v1.15 or older, you will see error like this

Reviewer: ```suggestion

If you are using Kubernetes version is v1.15 or older, you will see an error like this:
```

Author: Done.

```
unable to recognize "STDIN": no matches for kind "CustomResourceDefinition" in version "apiextensions.k8s.io/v1"
```

> you need to create crd found in `cluster/examples/kubernetes/ceph/pre-k8s-1.16`. Since the `apiextensions.k8s.io/v1beta1` version of CRD is deprecated in k8s v1.16 and will no longer be supported fromv 1.19.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

you need to create CRDs found in `cluster/examples/kubernetes/ceph/pre-k8s-1.16`. Since the `apiextensions.k8s.io/v1beta1` version of CRD is deprecated in k8s v1.16 and will no longer be supported from v1.19.
```

Author: Done.

> you need to create CRDs found in `cluster/examples/kubernetes/ceph/pre-k8s-1.16`. Since the `apiextensions.k8s.io/v1beta1` version of CRD is deprecated in k8s v1.16 and will no longer be supported from v1.19.

Author: Done.

> you need to create CRDs found in `cluster/examples/kubernetes/ceph/pre-k8s-1.16`. Since the `apiextensions.k8s.io/v1beta1` version of CRD is deprecated in k8s v1.16 and will no longer be supported from k8s v1.22.

Author: Done.
